###################################
October 29, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
October 29, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

*******************************
edX Website
*******************************

* The student dashboard now shows the start time for new courses. (TNL-567)


*******************************
edX Learning Management System 
*******************************

* In Firefox and Safari browsers, after a student changed the video speed,
  videos in other units still played at the defaul 1.0X. This problem is fixed
  and videos in other units play at the selected speed. (TNL-537)

********************************************
edX Learning Management System Accessibility
********************************************

* For accessibility, the progress meter in the video player now has three
  additional aria state attributes: ``aria-valuemax``, ``aria-valuemin``, and
  ``aria-valuenow``. (TNL-89)

* The problem status after a student checks or shows an answer is now
  accessible to screen readers. (TNL-568, TNL-588, TNL-595)


*************
edX Studio
*************

* Course staff now have the ability to add a **Reset** button to problems.
  Students can click **Reset** to clear any input that has not yet been
  submitted, and try again to answer the question. See DOC LINK.


**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

All guides now include a section that lists browsers supported for use with the
edX platform.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include:

  * Fixed the code sample in `Script Tag Format`_ in the `Write-Your-Own-
    Grader`_ Problem chapter.

  * Fixed a bug in `Text Input Problem XML`_.
  
  * Added `Create a Randomized Custom Python-Evaluated Input Problem`_
  
  * Added note about limited support of annotation problem type to `Annotation
    Problem`_.

  * Updated `Set Important Dates for Your Course` to reflect change that course
    dates now use UTC.


* `Using edX Insights`_

* `EdX Guide for Students`_

* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * 

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

* `edX Open Learning XML Guide`_
  
  Recent changes include:

  * Added alpha documentation for the `Graphical Slider Tool`_ and `Symbolic
    Response`_ to the `Problems and Tools`_ section.



**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst